[Misurin] Mr. Poliman
told me if anyone
with Wings shows up, I
have to stay with them.
So I really don't have a choice.
[Mukaido gasps]
[Mukaido] This isn't good.
--[button clicks]
--[explosion blasting]
--Mr. Mukaido!
--[energizing music]
--What the hell?
--Is it a terrorist attack?
[Mirai] What just happened?
I thought Metropoliman was
supposed to show up. [gasps]
Mr. Mukaido!
[air whooshing]
[impact booms]
Mr. Mukaido! Mr.
Mukaido! [panting]
No. Don't die.
Please don't die! [sobbing]
I don't want anyone else to die.
[Mukaido coughing]
He's alive.
Mr. Mukaido survived.
Hey, isn't that great, Baret?
Yes, it is, although I was
aware of it right away.
--Mirai, is that you?
--Yes.
[Mukaido] I'm glad I
wore this blast suit.
I knew there was a
possibility he'd do that,
but I thought he'd
at least confront me.
He's willing to use more
than just White Arrows
to kill the God candidates.
[Mirai breathing shakily]
--You must be happy.
--[Mirai gasps]
You said you didn't wanna
see anyone else die.
Isn't that right?
[Mirai] Yes.
[Mukaido] Girl A must have
perished in the blast.
I agree with you.
I don't wanna see
anyone else die, either.
But we can't afford to
display that kind of weakness.
The real fight is
about to begin.
--What?
--He's here.
[Metropoliman] What's
with the costumes?
They're actually pretty cute.
Ready to surrender?
[opening theme music]
[Mirai] Tell me, how can
you kill people so easily?
[Metropoliman] Probably
because of these Wings
and Arrows I've been given.
[Mirai] You know that's
not what I'm asking.
I want to know why you think
it's okay to kill people.
[Mukaido] Mirai.
[Metropoliman] Oh, please.
What are you, a child?
[Metropoliman sighs]
"It's wrong to kill people."
"There's nothing more
precious than human life."
Is that what you want to hear?
[Mirai] You obviously
know it's wrong.
Why do you do it?
[Metropoliman] Oh, I don't know,
so I can become God, I guess?
To achieve that,
sacrifices have to be made.
I'm trying to keep it
to a minimum, though.
[Mukaido] You mean
by eliminating
every other contender?
[Mirai] What if you're mistaken?
No one said the last God
candidate left standing
automatically becomes God.
[Metropoliman] I suppose
that's a possibility,
but I'm willing
to take that risk.
[Mirai] You killed Girl A.
You used her to kill
middle school girls
who had nothing to do
with your ambitions.
Do you understand
what it feels like
to lose a family member?
Do you have the first
idea what it means
to lose someone
important to you?!
[menacing music]
--I do.
--[Mirai gasps]
It just so happens that
I lost the family member
I loved the most in this world.
So I understand exactly what
it feels like, painfully so.
But really, so what?
[Kanade] So...
[Mukaido] You're not gonna
be able to persuade him.
[Mirai] I'll have to try harder.
There's gotta be a way.
[Metropoliman] Fine, then.
Today's the last day anyone dies
unnecessarily because of me.
From now on, I'll only
kill God candidates.
Isn't that what you want?
We're here in front
of the Grand Tower.
We've been told that
Girl A was present
when the explosion occurred.
I'm sure they're both fine.
But that was their destination.
[Announcer] Here's an aerial
view of the Grand Tower.
The explosion that occurred--
--Nasse?
--Oh, do you see that figure?
It's Metropoliman, who was
last seen at Jinbo Stadium!
--Can you fly?
--Yeah.
I think everything's
in working order.
[Mirai] Good.
[Mukaido]
But I have no intention
of ending this by
just taking off.
[Mirai] I figured.
[Mukaido] I don't wanna
let the guy escape.
But even more than that,
I'd like to avoid getting killed
and having him take our
Wings and Arrows from us.
If that happens, he really
will brute-force his way
to becoming God.
We have to do whatever it takes
to shoot him with a Red Arrow.
[Mirai] Right.
[Mukaido] I don't understand.
Why is this guy
still hanging around?
I'm sure he'd love to
kill more God candidates,
but it's two on one.
He's not the type to pick fights
where he's at a disadvantage.
So does he have a plan, or
is he hatching one right now?
[Metropoliman] I don't know what
you two are whispering about,
but you're both
going to die here.
--Meyza!
--[all gasp]
Watch my back.
Gotcha.
[Mukaido]
If he fires his White Arrow,
we'll just fly away.
I'll see if I can trick him.
--Nasse!
--You called?
[Mukaido] Just checking.
You're sure that Meyza is a
special-rank angel like you?
--Yep, that's right.
--Nasse, Baret.
--You two watch our backs.
--Right.
[Mukaido] Prepare to
fire your Red Arrow.
[Mirai] Ready.
[Mukaido] Well done.
Now he'll assume I'm the
one with the White Arrow.
[Mirai] What?
[Mukaido] He sees that Nasse,
who's a special-rank angel,
is floating behind me,
and I instructed you to
prepare your Red Arrow.
That should make it clear who
he needs to be cautious of.
While his attention's
diverted to me,
hit him with that Arrow.
--Got it.
--You two seem
to be plotting
something down there.
To head that off, I
think I'm going to
[Arrow humming]
kill you first.
[Mukaido] Told you.
How exactly do you
plan to do that?
Are we gonna fight one-on-one?
[Metropoliman] Oh, please.
I'd never do
anything that risky.
I prepared this instead.
Priming code: ENJER.
You see, I planted a
bomb in another location.
Leaving Girl A on top of the
tower would have been pointless
if no God candidates
showed up to apprehend her.
To avoid that, I planted a
bomb so she could threaten
to blow up another
building in a fit of pique.
Pretty effective against
softies who feel the need
to save strangers,
don't you think?
It's one of the buildings
you can see from here.
And if it explodes,
you'll be responsible
for the precious lives
of the people inside
who will all be lost.
It comes down to this: either
you'll die, or innocent people
who have nothing to do
with our conflict will die.
It's one or the other.
Hmph. You're lying.
It's nothing but a bluff
you just came up with.
Yeah. He's lying.
[Mirai] How can you
be sure about that?
Under ordinary circumstances,
that angel would be skilled
at seeing through lies,
but the technique
requires being able
to look at a person's face.
I can assure you, it is
the angel who is bluffing.
[Metropoliman] I see.
I guess that means you
don't care who dies.
Too bad, old man.
I wouldn't have to press
this activation key
if you'd died in the explosion.
Now innocent people will be
wiped out because of you.
Live with that.
All right. I'm pressing it--
[Mukaido] Wait!
Fine. Don't do it.
[Mirai] Mr. Mukaido.
[Mukaido] But with
this stipulation:
death comes to only
one of us today.
You intended to kill
one God candidate
in that explosion earlier,
so having one less
God candidate around
should be good enough
for you, shouldn't it?
--Do you agree?
--Hmm.
Okay, but here's my stipulation.
I get to choose who dies,
and I'm taking the Wings and
Arrows they leave behind.
Those are my conditions.
[helicopter rumbling]
[Demakawa] Demakawa here.
This is Metropoliman's
first appearance
since the upsetting
incidents at Jinbo Stadium.
Is he connected to the
Grand Tower explosion?
Be careful, Mirai
and Mr. Mukaido.
--[Metropoliman laughing]
--[tense music begins]
[Metropoliman] Awesome.
A public execution
suits me just fine!
I'll stick with my
original plan to kill you.
[Mukaido] That figures.
Of course you'd kill
the special-rank first.
[Metropoliman] Your
rank is irrelevant.
It's because you'd be the
more difficult survivor
to deal with.
[Metropoliman]
Tell yourself that.
You really just want
another White Arrow.
But I appreciate you
overestimating my abilities.
[Mirai] No! I don't
want you to die!
[Mukaido] I know.
[Mirai] Nasse could be right!
--Maybe he is lying.
--And if he isn't?
I'm not just going to let him
kill me without consequences.
When he fires his White Arrow,
you shoot your Red Arrow.
It's our only chance.
[Mirai] But...
[Mukaido] My life is going
to be over soon either way.
[tense music continues]
--[Mirai panting]
--[heartbeat thumping]
[Mirai] If I don't
figure something out,
Mr. Mukaido is going to die.
I can't let that
happen! [gasping]
[Metropoliman] The second
you try to fly away,
I'm pressing the key.
[Mukaido] So if
there's no explosion,
it'll mean you were bluffing.
Then I guess you're right!
[Mirai screams]
[Arrow shatters]
[Metropoliman grunts]
[Mirai panting]
[suspenseful music]
[Mukaido] Mirai!
--Interesting.
--Huh?
Wings and Arrows aren't affected
by objects from the human world,
but this was a tool
from another angel.
Even I didn't know they
could be used this way.
What? I'm shocked.
[Metropoliman] Why
are you interfering?
--Don't you care if people die?
--[tense music continues]
[Mirai] I am going to
shoot you with a Red Arrow!
--[tense music ends]
--[thrilling music begins]
[Mirai shouts]
[air whooshing]
[Metropoliman] You're
charging instead of shooting?
Are you dense?
You're annoying me.
You'll have to die first!
[Mukaido] Move!
[Arrow shatters]
[tense music]
[Mirai yells]
[Metropoliman] That
was impressive.
[Mirai panting]
Why aren't you flying away?!
[lasers pulsing]
Pretty Godly moves for
someone who will never be God.
How long do you think you
can keep dodging like this?
[Mirai grunting]
[Mirai shouts]
[metal clanging]
I...
I will
shoot you
with a Red Arrow!
[thrilling music continues]
[Metropoliman] Made you look!
[thrilling music ends]
--[Mirai panting]
--Mirai!
What's happened to him?
Can he really get us out
of here in one piece?
[wind whistling]
[Metropoliman] How long do
you intend to keep this up?
It's so lame.
[Meyza chuckles]
You are quite right.
It's pathetic.
You're wrong, Meyza.
--It's hella cool.
--[Meyza scoffs]
[Demakawa] We've been
watching Metropoliman--
[Saki] Why doesn't
he dodge his attacks
by flying away from him?
I know he won't shoot him.
If something doesn't change,
Mirai will get killed.
[perilous music begins]
[Mirai shouting]
[Mirai grunting]
[Mirai yelling]
[Mukaido] What should I do?
Metropoliman can't
turn his back on me,
but he can't take
his eyes off Mirai.
Mirai's desperate
fight moves have served
to put that creep
on the defensive.
It's a golden opportunity.
While he's distracted,
I have to take him down.
[perilous music continues]
--Behind you!
--[gunshots booming]
[Mukaido] Use your Arrow!
[Mirai shouting]
[Mirai gasps]
[perilous music drops off]
He took off.
Maybe I should've
aimed for his heart.
No, his suit was bulletproof,
so it wouldn't have
made any difference.
--[Mirai coughing]
--Huh?
Mirai!
[Mirai panting]
--I saw him.
--Huh?
--I saw his face.
--[helicopter rumbling]
[Mukaido] Let's go.
[Demakawa] Metropoliman has
vanished up into the sky,
and the two other mysterious
figures just vanished as well.
In a scenario very
reminiscent of what happened--
Oh, thank goodness.
You're both alive.
[both panting]
--Are you all right?
--Yeah.
What a relief.
I was so afraid.
[Demakawa] His mask
broke, but unfortunately,
our cameras failed
to capture his face.
It seems as though
the two figures had
engaged Metropoliman--
I tried, but I couldn't shoot.
He flinched for a moment
when you opened fire on him.
But I just couldn't.
I couldn't shoot him.
[somber music]
The way you fought him out there
was really reckless, Mirai.
It's a miracle
you're still alive
after all those close calls.
Or were you acting
that way intentionally
with the hopes that I'd get
an opportunity to shoot him?
As if. I just
didn't want to die.
So I kept trying to shoot him.
No. That's wrong.
I wasn't carrying out a plan.
Once it started, I
couldn't think anymore.
I'm not up for this.
I'm not cut out for battle.
It's a little late for that.
I've never been in a fistfight.
When my aunt and uncle abused me
after I went to live with them,
I just took the beatings.
No matter what the other
kids said to me at school
or how much they
mocked me, I pretended,
I pretended I couldn't hear,
and I never spoke back to them.
I never retaliated.
Sorry, son, but if you think
that's strength, you're wrong.
I know that.
It's not a strength.
I know it's a weakness.
I'm afraid to attack
someone 'cause I'm a coward.
Not true. I sure
don't believe that.
Yeah. It's because
you're a kind person.
In this world of ours,
people compete
against each other
and work hard to
reach their ideals.
That leads to happiness.
I know all that.
But what I'm doing right
now is totally different.
I can't derive any joy if
I'm gonna gain something
by hurting or
killing someone else!
I can't understand how you
can be happy doing that!
It's Metropoliman
who's killing people
and trying to force his
way into becoming God.
We're the ones that
are trying to stop him.
So even if we end
up killing him,
he won't exactly be a victim.
Maybe you're right,
but I'm lost.
I don't know what
I'm doing anymore.
Just why are we doing this?
To be happy.
Isn't that right?
You're doing it so
everyone can be happy.
[soft music]
[Mirai] I received Wings
and Arrows from Nasse,
escaped from hell, and
then I got to be with Saki.
I felt like I had
ascended to heaven.
I thought I might
actually find happiness.
But the reality is, what
we're doing this time around
is killing each other.
Why the hell won't anybody
let me live a normal life?
Seriously, I'm sick
of all of this!
Hey, I understand how you
feel, but listen, Mirai.
We need to focus on
what just happened.
Think back, Mirai.
What did you observe
about Metropoliman?
--Mr. Mukaido.
--Huh?
Don't you see?
Mirai's still upset
about what happened.
I am, too. I've had
enough for one day.
Well, you're obviously
worried about Mirai.
But all the good
thoughts in the world
wouldn't have helped
you feel better
about that life-and-death
struggle you just went through.
I understand. You're both right.
We can pick this
up again tomorrow.
We made progress.
Having seen his face this
time is good enough for now.
[Saki] Was he telling the truth?
Is Mirai really happy
being around me?
It was close, but
you should be fine.
Well, this was a first.
A patient whose head
was grazed by a bullet.
Never treated that before.
I was shot at very close range.
I thought I'd
bulletproofed this suit.
That must have been
a difficult job.
[Kanade] Thanks for seeing me
outside your office
hours, Doctor.
[Doctor] It was
no problem at all.
The threat of
another hidden bomb,
my promise not to kill anyone
other than God candidates,
I lied about all of it.
Damn it. Who the
hell are those guys?
Did you see that Grand
Tower explosion yesterday?
Crazy, huh? It was so scary.
Huh? Hey, he's back.
Huh? Who?
You know, your stalker.
You know what? I'm going
over there to talk to him.
--No, it's fine.
--Huh? Why do you say that?
I seriously doubt it's true,
but are you dating Kakehashi?
[Saki] What?
[Maiko] There's a
rumor going around.
Someone said they saw
the two of you together.
No, we're not dating.
Of course not.
I mean, who'd date
Mirai Kakehashi?
--[Saki exhales]
--Hmm?
Yeah, of all people.
Me and Mirai together?
I could never fall for him.
[students chattering]
[students laughing]
[closing theme music begins]
[machinery whirring]